{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar 
\b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \ul \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20\ul 
\sbasedon0\snext19 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footer;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 header;}{\*\cs17 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 footnote text;}{\s19\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 Normal Indent;}{\s20\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 nscba;}{\s21\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 j;}
{\s22\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext22 ij;}{\s23\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 btb;}{\s24\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 ctcb;}{\s25\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext25 
ns;}{\s26\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext26 TT;}{\s27\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 crtj;}{\s28\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 nsca;}{\s29\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 bt;}{
\s30\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 Hf;}{\s31\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 Hs;}{\s32\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 RT;}{\s33\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext33 c;}{\s34\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext34 ct;}{\s35\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 it;}{\s36\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 nsct;}{\s37\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext37 nscb;}{\s38\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext38 HC2;}{\s39\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 C2;}{
\s40\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext40 ctc;}{\s41\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext41 crt;}{\s42\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext42 or;}{\s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 \snext43 Standard;}{\*\cs44 \additive
\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title Kermit for Microsoft Windows}{\subject .DOC file for .HLP file compilation}{\author Matthew T. Smith}
{\doccomm Provided obligation-free to Kermit author Wayne Warthen for possible use in his Kermit communications package.}{\operator Wayne Warthen}{\creatim\yr1993\mo12\dy13\hr11\min29}{\revtim\yr1996\mo11\dy6\hr22\min34}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages15}
{\nofwords3426}{\nofchars19529}{\*\company  }{\vern57431}}\margl1728\margr1728\margt720\margb720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_1}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Introduction}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:001}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Introduction}}{\f5\fs32\cf1 Introduction}{\f5\fs32 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
\par This is a fairly complete implementation of the KERMIT communications protocol for Microsoft Windows.  It includes most extensions to the protocol as well (Long Packets, Windowing, Server Mode, Attribute Packets, and Enhanced Error Checking).
\par 
\par Additionally, a fairly full featured terminal emulation capability is included.  The terminal emulations are encapsulated in Dynamic Link Libraries which allow new emulations to be added with ease.  A modem dialer is also included.
\par 
\par As in most MS Windows programs, cooperative multitasking is fully supported.  You may even have two copies of the program running at one time on different serial ports!
\par 
\par \tab Local Operation:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Remote Operation:\tab \tab No
\par \tab Login Scripts:\tab \tab Yes (VBScript scripting, 32 bit version only)
\par \tab Transfer text files:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Wildcard send:\tab \tab Yes (plus directory listings)
\par \tab File transfer interruption:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Filename collision avoidance:\tab No*
\par \tab Can time out:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Eighth-bit prefixing:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Repeat count prefixing:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Alternate block checks:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Terminal emulation:\tab \tab ANSI, VT-102, TTY
\par \tab Communication settings:\tab Baud, Parity, Flow, etc.
\par \tab Transmit BREAK:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Support for dialout modems:\tab Yes
\par \tab IBM mainframe communication:\tab Yes
\par \tab Transaction logging:\tab \tab No*
\par \tab Debug logging:\tab \tab No*
\par \tab Session logging:\tab \tab No*
\par \tab Raw file transmit:\tab \tab No*
\par \tab Act as server:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Talk to server:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Advanced server functions:\tab No*
\par \tab Local file management:\tab \tab No (available from Windows)
\par \tab Command/Init files:\tab \tab Yes (VBScript scripting, 32 bit version only)
\par \tab Command macros:\tab \tab Yes (VBScript scripting, 32 bit version only)
\par \tab File attribute packets:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Extended packets:\tab \tab Yes
\par \tab Sliding Windows:\tab \tab Yes
\par 
\par Those entries marked with an asterisk (*) are features which are expected to be available in Release 1.00.  Unfortunately, the author has extremely limited time for this project and version 1.00 is going to take a while.  New releases are distributed anyt
ime significant improvements have been made to the application.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 Note}{\f5 :  Users are encouraged to review the enclosed ASCII text file README.TXT for late breaking release information.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Getting Started}{\v\f5 general_2}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Using Kermit}{\v\f5 general_3}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_2}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Getting Started}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:002}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Getting Started}}{\f5\fs32 Getting Started
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\b\f5 System Requirements
\par }{\f5 Kermit for Windows requires any of the existing flavors of MS Windows Version 3.1.  These flavors include MS Windows, MS Windows for Workgroups, MS Windows 95, and MS
 Windows NT.  Only the Intel variation of Windows NT is supported at this time.  Although Windows95 and Windows NT will run 16 bit applications (i. e., the 16-bit version of Kermit for Windows), it is preferable to run the 32-bit version.
\par 
\par Kermit for Windows supports both standard asynchronous (modem style) and TCP/IP (Telnet style) communications.
\par 
\par For asynchronous connectivity, Kermit for Windows relies upon the serial port drivers included with Windows.  I have been told that aftermarket serial drivers f
or Windows work fine, but have not personally tested this.  Support for Hayes compatible modems is also provided when using Asynchronous communications.
\par 
\par For TCP/IP connectivity, Kermit for Windows relies upon the WinSock library.  Most TCP/IP software vendors now support the WinSock API, so this should not be much of a constraint.  In theory all WinSock implementations should be compatible, but I have onl
y tested the Microsoft WinSock libraries.  Microsoft includes a WinSock library with Windows 95 and Win
dows NT.  They have also just released a free version of WinSock for Windows for Workgroups.  This free WinSock implementation can be downloaded from the Microsoft Software Library on CompuServe or from ftp.microsoft.com on the Internet.
\par 
\par The memory and hard disk requirements of Kermit for Windows are extremely small and should almost never be a problem.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 Installation/Setup}{\f5 
\par Installation is similar to most applications distributed via online services.  Kermit for Windows is distributed as an executable archive (self extracting zip file).  After downloading the distribution file to your local 
system, just execute it.  The compressed files will be expanded and the setup routine will be invoked automatically.
\par 
\par If you are going to use the TCP/IP protocol support, you must separately acquire and install a Version 1.1 or greater WinSock library (Windows 95/NT include this library).
\par 
\par Also, if you want to use VBScript scripting, you must separately install Microsoft's VBScript engine.  The easiest way to do this is to install MS Internet Explorer Version 3.0.  This product can be downloaded for 
free from Microsoft's web site www.microsoft.com.  Note that currently there is only a 32-bit version of the VBScript Engine; therefore, there is no scripting support in 16-bit Kermit.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 Note}{\f5 :  Users are encouraged to review the enclosed ASCII text file README.TXT for late breaking information on the specific release.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 Program Startup
\par }{\f5 
You must start Windows before running Kermit.  Once Windows is running, you can start Kermit by double-clicking on its icon in the Program Manager (if you installed one) or by double-clicking on KERMIT.EXE in the Windows File Manager.  If you are using Wi
ndows 95, you may start Kermit through the Start button on the task bar.
\par 
\par Kermit follows all Windows standards.  Those familiar with other MS Windows applications should be able to use Kermit without trouble.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Using Kermit}{\v\f5 general_3}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\up6 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_3}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Using Kermit}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:003}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Using Kermit}}{\f5\fs32 Using Kermit
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
In order to keep track of different sets of configuration options, Kermit uses the concept of a communications session.  When Kermit is first started, an untitled session is automatically initialized.  All configuration settings are given their default va
lues.
\par 
\par In most cases, you will need to change some of the configuration options prior to establishing a communications session.  See the "Configuration Options" topics for more information.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Starting a New Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_4}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Saving a Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_5}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Opening a Saved Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_6}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_4}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Starting a New Kermit Session}}{\cs17\b\fs16\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:004}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Session, Starting}}{\f5\fs32 Starting a New Kermit Session
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
Starting a new communications session is essentially the same thing as returning Kermit to the state it was in when it was first started.  All configuration settings are restored to their default values.
\par 
\par To start a new communications session, choose New... from the File Menu.  If you have not already saved the settings from the existing session, you will be reminded and given the option of saving them now.
\par 
\par In order to start a new session, any existing connection to a remote system must be terminated.  If a connection is active at the time a new session is requested, you will be asked to confirm that you want to disconnect.
\par 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Saving a Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_5}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Opening a Saved Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_6}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 \fs20 {\f5 
\par As a convenience, Kermit will bring up the Session Settings dialog.  This dialog allows you to enter a brief description of the session, choose the appropriate terminal emulation, and indicate if you want
 to automatically connect to the remote system any time this session is subsequently opened.  See the "Configuration Options / Session Settings" topic  for more information on this dialog.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_5}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Saving a Kermit Session}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:005}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Session, Saving}}{\f5\fs32 Saving a Kermit Session
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
Changes made to a communications session are not kept permanently until they are saved.  When you save a session, Kermit will record all of the current configuration settings in a file.  You must supply a standard DOS filename to save the settings in.  By
 default the extension of the session save files is ".KRM".
\par 
\par To save the current configuration settings,  choose Save or Save As... from the File Menu.  Save As... allows you to specify a new file to save your settings in, whereas Save will save your settings to the currently active session save file (as identified
 on the application title bar).  If there is no current session save file (title bar reads "(Untitled)"), then Save will function just like Save As... (it will prompt you for a file name to save the session in).
\par 
\par It is not necessary to disconnect an active connection in order to save your settings.
\par 
\par If a session file name is required, Kermit will display the standard Windows Save As dialog.  This dialog functions identically to the Save As dialogs in most Windows applications.  You must type in a filename or pick one from the list.  If no filename ex
tension is specified, Kermit will automatically supply an extension of ".KRM".  It recommended that you do not use a different extension, because the Open function identifies session files by the ".KRM" extension 
by default.  Session save files may be stored in any directory, but the default directory is the save directory that the Kermit program is installed in.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Getting Started}{\v\f5 general_2}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Starting a New Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_4}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Opening a Saved Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_6}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_6}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Opening a Saved Kermit Session}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:006}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Session, Opening}}{\f5\fs32 Opening a Saved Kermit Session
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 To recall a session you saved previously, choose Open... from the File Menu.  The standard Windows Open dialog will be displaye
d to allow you to choose the session save file to be opened.
\par 
\par By default, the Open dialog will display all files with an extension of ".KRM" in the directory that the Kermit program is stored in.
\par 
\par After choosing a session file to load, Kermit will check to see if the previous session had a connection active.  If so, you will be asked to confirm that you want to disconnect.  If you choose not to disconnect, you will be returned to the previous sessi
on with the connection still active.
\par 
\par If the session you have chosen to load has the Auto Connect on Open option set in the Session Settings dialog, Kermit will attempt to establish a connection with the remote system immediately.
\par 
\par It is also possible to Open a saved session at the time you invoke the Kermit program.  You may specify the name of a session save file on the command line that is used to invoke Kermit.  The specified session file will be automatically loaded instead of 
the default settings that would normally be loaded.
\par 
\par If you hav
e set up Kermit as an Icon in the Program Manager, the command line is one of the entries in the Properties dialog for the Icon.  This feature makes it possible to create several Icons in the Program Manager for Kermit and each one could start Kermit with
 a specific session file.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Getting Started}{\v\f5 general_2}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Starting a New Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_4}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Saving a Kermit Session}{\v\f5 general_5}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_7}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Configuration Options/Session Settings}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:007}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Settings, Session}}{\f5\fs32 
Configuration Options / Session Settings
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
\par In order to keep track of different sets of configuration options, Kermit uses the concept of a communications session.  When Kermit is first started, an untitled session is automatically initialized.  All configuration settings are given their default va
lues.
\par 
\par Setting configuration options is done by simply using a series of dialog boxes to tailor the configuration to your needs.  All of the configuration settings are saved as part of the Session Save File and are automatically restored the ne
xt time the Session is opened.
\par 
\par To access any of the following configuration dialogs, simply choose the corresponding item from the Configure Menu.
\par 
\par Note that the Session Settings are the most important settings.  This dialog configures the high-level  configuration (communications type, emulation, and protocol).  Additionally, the entries in this dialog (in some cases) determine the options that are 
available in the other configuration dialogs.  For example, if you choose connection type async in the Sessi
on Settings, you will get options like baud rate, stop bits, parity, etc. in the Communications Settings Dialog.  If you choose connection type tcpip, you will get a different dialog that has options like host, port, etc.
\par 
\par Also note that certain options in the configuration dialogs may be grayed out (and therefore not modifiable) at certain times.  For example, the connection option in the Session Settings Dialog is grayed out  when a connection is currently open.  This is 
because it is not possible to switch to a different connection type without destroying the currently open connection.  To change options like these, you must first disconnect, and then access the appropriate dialog.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Name
\par }{\f5 You may enter a brief (one line) description of the session.  This is primarily useful to help identify what a given session is for.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Connection
\par }{\f5 A drop down list box presents all available connection types.  Choose async if you wish to use modem style communications.  Choose tcpip to use telnet type communications.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Emulation
\par }{\f5 
A drop down list box presents all available terminal emulation modules.  You should select the terminal emulation which is best suited for the remote system you will be connecting to.  See the section on Terminal Emulation in the Program documentation if 
you are not sure which one to choose.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Protocol
\par }{\f5 A drop down list box presents all available file transfer protocols.  At this time only kermit is supported.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Auto Connect on Open
\par }{\f5 You may check this box if you would like Kermit to automatically connect to the remote system when this session is subsequently reopened (see below).
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_8}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Configuration Options/Terminal Emulation Settings}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:008}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Settings, Terminal Emulation}}{
\f5\fs32 Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 The following configuration options control Kermit's terminal emulation settings:
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Auto New Line
\par }{\f5 Normally, a carriage return control character will only move the cursor to the first position on the current line.  If this option is selected, a carriage return character will also advance the cursor to the next line.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Local Echo
\par }{\f5 
Normally, characters you type at the keyboard are sent only to the remote system and the remote system "echoes" them back.  It the remote system does not echo typed characters, select this option to cause typed characters to be displayed on the terminal s
creen and sent to the remote system.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Auto Line Wrap
\par }{\f5 If this option is selected and too many characters are received to fit on the current line, the cursor will automatically advance to the first position of the next line when the last position of a line is used.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\up6 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_9}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Configuration Options/Communications Settings}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:009}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Settings, Communications}}{\f5\fs32 
Configuration Options / Communications Settings
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 The Communications Settings Dialog will present different options depending on the type of connection that was chosen in the Session Settings.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul Async
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\i\f5 Baud Rate
\par }{\f5 
Enter the baud rate that you wish to use to communicate with the remote system or the speed your modem requires.  Although you are allowed to enter any value, only 300, 1200, 2400, 4800, 9600, 19200, 38400, and 57600 should be used.  Additionally, Windows
 will not support the higher baud rates with some types of serial port hardware.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Word Length
\par }{\f5 Also known as data bits.  Usually 8, but occasionally 7.  The administrator of the system you are trying to connect with should be able to give you this information.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Parity
\par }{\f5 Normally none, but again the administrator of the remote system should be able to supply this information.  Note that N=None, E=Even, O=Odd, M=Mark, S=Space.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Stop Bits
\par }{\f5 Number of stops bits required by the remote system.  Almost always 1.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Handshake
\par }{\f5 Kermit for Windows supports two types of "flow control".  Xon/Xoff uses control characters to prevent buffer overruns.  RTS/CTS uses two
 specific lines (wires) on the serial port to achieve the same effect.  Which option is appropriate depends on your modem configuration and remote system requirements.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Port
\par }{\f5 Kermit for Windows support COM ports 1 through 4 (if available).  Although all 4 selections are always shown, your computer probably doesn't have all four.  Be sure to choose a port that exists and is available and properly configured under Windows.

\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\b\f5\fs24\ul TCP/IP
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\i\f5 Host
\par }{\f5 Enter the Internet host name you wish to connect to (like microsoft.com) or the Internet address to connect to (like 129.193.208.56). 
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Port
\par }{\f5 Enter the name or number of the TCP/IP service to use.  This entry is almost always telnet and should only be changed if you are sure you understand the use of non-standard ports. 
\par 
\par NOTE: although it is called a "port", this is nothing like a "serial port".  A TCP/IP port has no connector on the back of your PC, it is a logical port. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Terminal
\par }{\f5 Most Telnet host servers have the ability to read the terminal type of the users machine at connec
tion time.  To enable this feature, you must specify the name of the terminal type you wish to provide to the host.  Kermit for Windows will provide this name to the host if it requests it. 
\par 
\par NOTE: this entry does NOT determine the type of emulation that Kermit for Windows will perform (that is determined by the Emulation setting in the Session Configuration Dialog).  This entry should correspond to a name that your host understands and will a
ssociate with the type of emulation you have already chosen in the Session Configuration Dialog. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Send CR LF for End of Line
\par }{\f5 If you are attempting to talk to a non-standard telnet service, the host may require both a CR and LF control code at the end of every input line.  If you don't understand this option, you probably don't want to use it. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Suppress Negotiation
\par }{\f5 The Telnet protocol requires that the client and host "negotiate" certain configuration settings at startup.  In rare cases you may want to disable this negotiation. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\up6 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_10}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Settings, Device}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:010}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Configuration, Device Settings}}{\f5\fs32 Configuration Options / Device Settings
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 
\par The following configuration options control Kermit's device settings:
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\i\f5 Connection
\par }{\f5 Type of connection desired.  Dial and answer apply to modems.  If no modem is in use, you should choose direct.  If dial is chosen, a phone number to dial should be supplied.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Dial Init\tab 
\par }{\f5 The sequence of characters that should be send to the modem to initialize it for dial-out usage..  The default is usually OK.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Dial Cmd
\par }{\f5 The sequence of characters that should be sent to the modem to cause it to dial a phone number.  The default is usually OK.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Answer Init
\par }{\f5 The sequence of characters that should be send to the modem to initialize it for answer usage.  The default is usually OK.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Hangup\tab 
\par }{\f5 The sequence of characters that should be send to the modem to cause it to hang up the phone line.  The default is usually OK.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Escape\tab 
\par }{\f5 The sequence of characters that should be send to the modem while online prior to sending command strings.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Connect
\par }{\f5 The message that the modem will send when a connection has been successfully established.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Redial
\par }{\f5 Number of times to redial a number that fails to connect followed by the number of seconds to wait between attempts.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Wait
\par }{\f5 Number of seconds to wait from the time a number is dialed to get a successful connection message.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_11}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Configuration Options/Protocol Settings}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:011}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Settings, Protocol}}{\f5\fs32 
Configuration Options / Protocol Settings
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 The following configuration options control Kermit's protocol settings:
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\i\f5 Packet Size
\par }{\f5 Size of data packets in bytes desired for send and receive.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Timeout
\par }{\f5 Number of seconds to wait before assuming a lost packet for send and receive.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Retry Limit
\par }{\f5 Maximum number of retries before aborting protocol.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Block Check
\par }{\f5 Kermit provides three different error detection block check types.  Block Check Type 1 is the least reliable and Block Check Type 3 is the most reliable.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Debug
\par }{\f5 Select debugging options as desired.  Packet option will display packets sent/received.  State option will show state of protocol engine at various points.  Other is undefined.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Options
\par }{\f5 
Check the appropriate boxes  for advanced Kermit protocol functions.  Attrib will allow file information attributes to be used.  L. Pkts will allow packet sizes up to 1000 bytes.  Windows will allow the sliding windows extension to be used (Super Kermit).

\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Packets...
\par }{\f5 This button invokes a nested dialog that allows special customization of various Kermit packet characters.  It is not normally needed.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Options...
\par }{\f5 Not implemented in this version.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Font Settings}{\v\f5 general_12}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\up6 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_12}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Configuration Options/Font Settings}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:012}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Settings, Font}}{\f5\fs32 
Configuration Options / Font Settings
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 The following configuration options control Kermit's font settings:
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\i\f5 Font
\par }{\f5 Select from the list of available fonts.  Only "fixed-pitch" fonts will be displayed.  If a font called "Terminal" is available, it is recommended because it is specifically designed to work with communication programs.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Size
\par }{\f5 Point size for font.  A larger point size means a larger font displayed on the window.
\par 
\par }{\i\f5 Sample\tab 
\par }{\f5 A sample display of the currently selected font.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5 Note}{\f5 :  After changing the selected font, Kermit will attempt to resize the terminal window to provide a full 80 by 25 display.  If the window can not be expanded enough to do this, scroll bars will be displayed.
\par 
\par When a new session is created, Kermit requests a default fixed-pitch font from Windows.  In some cases (depending on your display driver and resolution), windows does a poor job of selecting a default font.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par See also...
\par }\pard\plain \s43\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Session Settings}{\v\f5 general_7}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Terminal Emulation Settings}{\v\f5 general_8}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Communications Settings}{\v\f5 general_9}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Device Settings}{\v\f5 general_10}{\f5 
\par }{\f5\uldb Configuration Options / Protocol Settings}{\v\f5 general_11}{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \fs20 {\f5 \page }{\cs17\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} GENERAL_13}}{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} About Kermit}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} general:013}}{\cs17\f5\fs16\cf1\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} About Kermit}}{\f5\fs32 About Kermit
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 Kermit for Windows}{\f5  was written}{\f5\cf1  }{\f5 for use in the Microsoft\'ae Windows\'99 operating environment.
\par 
\par Kermit is distributed in two separate formats:  as a 16-bit application for standard Windows (version 3.1 and higher), and as a 32-bit application for Windows 95/NT.
\par 
\par For further information about this product, please contact:
\par 
\par Wayne Warthen
\par email: wwarthen@wwarthen.com
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tqdec\tx9360 {\f5 http://www.wwarthen.com
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f5 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar {\f5 \{bmc kermit.bmp\}
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar {\b\f5\fs24 Kermit for Microsoft Windows
\par }{\f5 
\par The information contained in this documentation is subject to
\par revision and/or alteration without prior notice.
\par 
\par This documentation represents no obligation, expressed or
\par implied, on the part of the author.
\par 
\par Microsoft\'ae is a registered trademark and Windows is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
\par 
\par All other trademarks mentioned herein are trademarks or registered trademarks
\par of their respective corporations, and are hereby acknowledged.
\par 
\par The author wishes to acknowledge and thank the following people for their contributions to this product:
\par 
\par Julie Bielsik: Artwork (Kermit Icon)
\par Matthew T. Smith: Help File
\par }}